---
layout: post
title:  "What I learned from getting robbed"
date:   2016-6-25 8:40:30 -0800
categories: General
---
What an interesting way to come back to this blog after all this time. A lot of things have changed since then, and mostly for the better! However, there was one big event a 
couple weeks ago that most would say was for the worse. It's best not to disclose too many details, but essentially through some combination of carelessness, shady company 
practices, and terribly bad luck, I had my laptop and an assortment of electronics and clothing stolen from me earlier this month. 

1. Nothing is permanent

	It's cliché to say, but also necessary. The weeks leading up to losing my things I got into a habit of hoarding things, just to a small degree. I wouldn't say I could end up on one of those shows that follow a person into their home only to enter through a literal crevice, surrounded by various piled-up objects. I did, however, put too much importance on objects in my life. Making music and art are two big passions of mine, especially recently, but many a moment was spent collecting things that probably would never actually help me pursue these creative outlets. Hoarding isn't necessarily physical; I near obsessively collected digital things too. I downloaded, made, and edited dozens of Photoshop brush sets that I would end up using maybe half of on a good week. I found and organized thousands of audio clips and samples to use in my very amateurish music production projects, most of which never knew the joy of uttering their sound. It sounds crazy, but.. It was definitely enjoyable at the time. I was collecting things, imagining what cool things I could use them for. I mean, I would totally use this right? At some point? As long as I have it, I can use it whenever. I thought about moving my music listening library from the universal Spotify and Soundcloud to folders on my laptop, so that I could feel the permanence and enjoy the "ownership". Well, now it's all gone. It wasn't permanent. Nothing ever is, really. And that's fine. Things only have to last as long as we need them for, and we never need anything for as long as we think we do.

2. You are not your belongings

	I was initially pretty sad about losing my computer and my clothes. What I really missed wasn't the objects themselves, but what they meant to me. They enabled me to do certain things that I liked doing, or to express myself in a certain way. I lost so much unfinished, unuploaded artwork on my laptop that I could have and probably would have done something with. And you know what? I realized, that's okay. I'm still here, and I'm thankful for that. Thieves can take what you've done from you, and your instruments to do what you love, but they can never stop you from doing. Passionate people find a way. It sucks for someone to steal your livelihood to make a quick buck, but you can and will bounce back from it. If you did it before, you can do it again, better.
	
3. Looking on the bright side

	Once I had gotten over the initial bummer of losing my stuff, I decided there was nothing I could do other than be grateful. I'm grateful that all they did was steal or damage my belongings and not my person. I'm grateful that I live somewhere where I probably don't have to worry too much about this happening again, as long as I'm a little more careful. I'm grateful that this isn't something that would financially destroy me. I'm grateful that some of my stuff that was deemed "less valuable" was left behind. I'm grateful that I'm pretty cheap when it comes to electronics, so much of the stuff I lost was fairly old or inexpensive. And I'm also grateful that this gave me a chance for a "spring cleaning" of sorts. A friend told me that whenever things like this happen, I should (if I can afford it, of course) take it as an opportunity to "upgrade" the things I lost. There is no use being stingy in my quest to replace my belongings; that's just letting the robbery itself get the best of me. So I went and got myself a computer that fixes many of the concerns I had with my old laptop. Brighter screen colors, larger SSD, more efficient battery, and more robust hinge. I replaced the old closet with new things. I "let go" of the old belongings that no longer belong. At the end of the day, I was given an opportunity to get new things for myself.
	
4. Somebody always has my back

	I was astonished that within minutes of hearing the news, all my friends who were immediately around me dropped everything and offered everything they could to help me out. Advice, calming words, shopping with me, helping with anything in the following days, or even just a toothbrush for the night. I was also very pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to talk to the police and give them my thoughts and experiences. When I was truly going through a tough time, friends of mine told me that they would do anything within their power for me that I needed until I was able to recover my things. Friends who lived far away were also more than willing to talk with me about it, and console me or even just give their advice on new computer models. My family was more than supportive as well, and that is something I am forever grateful for, and have a newfound appreciation for. Ultimately, the people I've met in my life are there for me, and I never have to go through anything alone. Knowing that, that everyone in my world will catch me when I fall, gives me newfound confidence and contentedness, and allows me to be willing to have my own back too.
	
Though some difficulty has come my way, I have received so much love and sympathy in return, and have learned many valuable lessons along the way. If nothing else (like if they never settle anything), I can at least take away this understanding, and also the lifelong lesson to lock up the more expensive things because anything could happen. Also, to back up data on the cloud. That's important too; nothing is permanent, but at least we can make things last longer while we still need them. 