---
layout: post
title:  "Job Fair or Mob Fair?"
date:   2016-1-17 11:02:50 -0800
categories: General
---
I've checked out a few career fairs in the past few weeks. I cannot say for sure as of now how "effective" they were; I mean, the whole point of a career fair is to meet a company rep and get an internship or full-time position, right? I feel like that attitude is a little wrong in the first place; I went with the mindset of meeting people professionally involved in things that interested me, find out more about the companies, and overall just talk to people who know a whole lot more than I do. Maybe that's why I don't have a job... Anyway, as impressionable as I may try to make myself seem, I could be easily remembered as one of many college students who thought they had something thought provoking to ask when really everything had been said hundreds of times before last week at Berkeley. I did learn some pretty interesting things about companies like Panda Express (or Panda Restaurant Group, really), Verizon DMS, and Northrop Grumman (I really wanted my cover letter to just say, "Hey, I'm a big fan of what you guys did with the B2 project, and I really like the old designs on the FXF fighter line they looked really cool back in the day please give me a job"). I wonder what it takes to be really impressionable at a career fair. I wonder if the fact that I wonder this means I am certainly not impressionable. To give off a memorable impression, and not a negative one, is something many people struggle with outside of the job-search world as well. Everyone is a pretty decent candidate so it can be hard to remember the slightly-better-than-decent ones. And then again, as a student you never really know if you are slightly-better-than-decent or if you're just doing the wrong things entirely. I try not to let my career goals define too much of what I do in my spare time; I mean, after all, I'm doing art and design stuff for what like 3, 4 clubs now?  But there's always the wonder that maybe if I applied myself more relevantly I would have no trouble with some fancy i-banking/vc/consulting internship by now. What do all those people have anyway, connections? Right, connections. It's definitely connections. I should just sit on Linkedin and send out connection requests to all the successful alumni from UCLA, that might help! Because "networking" is just as effective as making real friends in your field or whatever. 

The worst thing is actually trying to talk to any employers at the job fair. I found this especially true at the booths for the more well-known companies: Snapchat, Charles Schwab, Northwestern Mutual, etc. In front of each representative stood a line of a dozen or three students in business-professional attire, staring at their phones or off into space. Wait half an hour, shake someone's hand, drop off resume, repeat. The entire atmosphere felt like a setup for a one-night-stand except everyone is wearing suits, the whole exchange lasts five minutes, and you're actually standing the whole time. This reminds me of the time I went to SummonersCon, which is a convention for League of Legends fans. I wasn't actually planning on going, but my friends' team was set to play on stage. I, being a mediocre player near the bottom of a very long sub roster, ended up being pushed to the starting lineup that weekend for various reasons. I thought, you know, free ticket, whatever. I'll go. More about that later but basically I did nothing, got carried, and we stomped them. But the part that reminded me of career fairs were the crazy long lines for fan meetups. In the LoL community there are many professional players and content creators that are basically celebrities. I mean seriously, it's hard not to find one of them walking around with their red badges and entourage of asian girls. Not something you see every day I don't think. I thought the fan meetups were pretty dumb, though it was probably the entire purpose of the event. Those people are still people. They're the same as us, they just happen to be really good at something and to be well known. I'm sure some pros and streamers are quite interesting and would be great to get lunch with some day, but I sure as hell am not gonna wait 45 minutes in line to say hi and take a selfie to post on Twitter. Honestly this sounds like any fan meetup in general for somebody famous. Meeting someone shouldn't be on such uneven ground like that, where a hundred fans behind you in line are just praying for you to realize no one cares about whatever you're saying in your socially-allotted 5 minutes and would just get out of there please. Maybe I'm just salty that hundreds of people aren't lining up to take a picture with me and get an autograph. Actually, now that I think about it, that doesn't sound very fun either. 