---
layout: post
title:  "Front Crawl"
date:   2016-1-24 2:02:50 -0800
categories: General
---
I wasn't born aquatic; my dad taught me how to swim. I mean I've learned it all again many times; but the first time one learns how to swim is the time that counts. After all, a big part of growing up is not drowning. I already knew how to float. I had a lesson or two on taking a nap on the water, breathing just enough to stay afloat. All I needed to do was paddle my way to where my dad was. Struggling, but swimming. This isn't really a story. All it is to me is a string of somewhat linked memories, and though I wish it were more than that it's all my 5 year old mind can give me now. I remember a small slide shaped like an orca whale. The slide part was its giant, pink tongue which I would imagine wouldn't be so smooth on a real orca. I remember the swimming lessons with different tiers of difficulty, and the Canadian way of referring to freestyle was "front crawl". If that's what they called it then I've been doing that stroke for 14 years now. I remember the bigger pool with the deep waters, and a yellow slide that emptied out what seemed like ten feet above the water. I was afraid to even look at it at first. But the scariest thing of all is, some of these memories might not ever have happened. I've been in and around so many pools since my childhood that I could have easily remembered a slide and misplaced the memory a few years too far back. But the one thing I know I will never forget is that first act of desperation, pummeling the water beneath me to reach the warm, smiling embrace of my father. 